Quarkus version availability for `quarkus-micrometer-opentelemetry` extension (#46193)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/telemetry-micrometer-to-opentelemetry.adoc

[NOTE]
====

> - This extension is available after Quarkus v. 3.19.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This extension is available since Quarkus version 3.19.
```
